you
this video is for informational purposes
only there are risks to jailbreaking
your iDevice and it does void your apple
warranty so think before you act hey
guys matt here welcome to another week
of jailbreak Tuesday this week we will
be covering iOS 3.1 point 3 being
blocked from the App Store the dev team
releasing beta 9 of red snow and also
iOS 5 downgrade to iOS four and then big
news regarding the untethered jailbreak
so without further ado let's get to it
iOS 3.1 point three was actually blocked
from the app store this week now three
point one point three was actually one
of the iOS firmwares that actually had
an untethered jailbreak so Apple has
just said you know what you are so far
behind we are blocking you so you can no
longer have three point one point three
and actually access the app store this
week the dev team released an update
beta and nine actually of red snow for
both Mac and Windows and there is a full
changelog in the dev teams post I will
post a link down below for you guys we
should go check it out it does help with
the users who were stuck on 5.1 now some
of you guys might think that this is
awesome or some might find this
pointless but if you are a iphone 4 or
ipad 2 owner who has iOS 5 and it's just
not impressed and wants to go back and
have their untethered jailbreak on 4.33
you actually can using tiny cfw i will
post a link down below to that program
you cannot downgrade from ios five to
four point three point three using tiny
cfw by 2g this week posted that all
devices that use the a4 processor are
ready to go and that the untethered
jailbreak is stable and working for
those devices now I know you're thinking
what about the ipad 2 and the iphone 4s
which both use the a5 processor well
there was a little bit of an issue with
it but pod2g was able to work through it
and get everything done and completed so
we are getting very very close to the
jailbreak he actually met up with a
legend in the community sarouk to work
out some more issues to release a stable
jailbreak so we can officially say we
are uber close to the release they are
just fine-tuning this thing and we will
be seeing it very very soon okay guys
that's going to wrap up jumper Tuesday
for this week I want to thank you guys
for watching last week I had you guys
weighing your ideas on what kind of
section should be added to jailbreak
Tuesday at the end of the videos
you guys came up with either best week
of the week or best theme of the week
now please vote this week by leaving a
comment down below saying either best
week or best theme and I will add that
kind of section next week into next
week's video also guys if you're looking
to get in contact with me you can hit me
up on Twitter at home a geek or go over
to my YouTube page and subscribe it's
homemade geek squad thank you guys for
watching you guys have a great day and
as always peace take notice to the
symbol of this time
you